                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Winter 2018)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #2

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Teofilo Zosa

B:
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	 		0
coding 	  	  	 			30
writeup 	  	  	 		10
planning (alone) 	  	  	12 
total (including meetings) 	52  	  	 


(3) Describe 

(a) what the major responsibilities of each team member were;
      Teo Zosa - everything

(b) whether or not you completed the assignment;
  	Yes, the assignment was completed. 
  	
(c) the major strengths and weaknesses in your team, e.g. how your team worked together;
		Single-person assignment. 
		
      	Major strength was background info/direction from prior assignment and lectures. 
    	Major weakness was not using more novel approaches (i.e. only using what we had learned in class). 
      
(d) the lessons learned from these events;
  		To (if a minimum viable product already exists) talk to other classmates/TA/professor about different approaches

  
(e) whether and how you plan to change the way your work together and
    Not sure. On one hand, working alone obviates the need to coordinate, though on the other hand I may have learned more
    by working with someone else. 

(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
		I generally enjoyed the assignment and it was less stressful than the first due to already having experience with the problem. 
		Suggestion: More focus on learning 'CUDA programming' vs. abstractly solving the problem.  This way students, can have another tool in the toolbox. 

